# CS230-Professor-Sarkar

1: The Gaming Room was a client with a popular web-based game that wished to move their strictly Android program to other platforms as well.  The software requirements were that there had to be one or more teams, each with multiple players, that each team and game name had to be unique, and that only one instance of the game can exist in the memory at a given time.  They wanted us to design software that can be run on more platforms than Android, such as Windows, Mac, and iOS.

2: I feel that my planning was somewhere that I did well. I would actively review the required features, figure out what I would need to plan accordingly, and then I would allot enough time to not only finish the project, but also allow for extra time to deal with any errors or issues that might come up.

3: Making use of a design document really helped me gain a good understanding of what was required of the project and why.  While filling out the document, I would already start to think of things that I could do to implement the design choices into code.  It would also aid me in creating a plan for any necessary code, which ties in with my answer to question 2.

4: I would personally choose to revise the areas covered in Project One with the things such as summary, design constraints, and so forth.  I only had a slight idead of effective planning in this context going into that project, and now I feel I have a bit of a better idea of what is typically required for each of the sections in that portion, and I believe I would do a better job if I were to revise it now.

5: One thing I think you should do to inpterpret user needs is to make sure you look at the project from the perspective of teh user and not that perspective of the designer.  Looking at it from a user perspective will help you learn what would be convenient for the user, whereas if you look at it from a developer's perspective, you may end up taking shortcuts that could cause issues or inconveniences for the user.  It's important to consider this because you are, of course, working for the user instead of yourself.  Delivering the best program to the user will boost the user experience, which will increase your reputation and give you a better potential for future clients.

6: I like to make sure the proper emphasis on planning is used when designing software, and I made sure to apply that approach in this course.  First, it startws with the planning for the project itself, which will typically be something similar to the software design templates we did in this course.  After that, I like to form a bit of a mental schedule for the next few tasks, with deadlines for specific parts of the project.  The next step is planning for the code given the project information.  This will typically involve pseuadocode, or something of the like.  Finally, I then design and test the code, and submit it once it is properly functioning with the set requirements.
